Add articles for AdGuard VPN for Linux (#174)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBaseVPN: docs/adguard-vpn-for-linux/login.md

---
title: Login, connection, and update
sidebar_position: 3
---

## Log in and log out

To log in or create an account, type:

    `adguardvpn-cli login`

> Enter the email address and password associated with your AdGuard account. If you don’t have an account yet, you’ll be prompted to create it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the email address and password from your AdGuard account. If you don’t have an account yet, you’ll be prompted to create one.
```

Author: from вроде не подходит, могу for предложить
но вот диплу больше всего нравится associated with)

:::note

> You can also create an AdGuard account on our [website](https://auth.adguard.com/login.html) and then log in to AdGuard VPN for Linux using your account credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also create an AdGuard account on our [website](https://auth.adguard.com/login.html) and then log in to AdGuard VPN for Linux using your credentials.
```

:::

To log out of AdGuard VPN, type:

    `adguardvpn-cli logout`

## Connect to VPN

For quick connection, type:

    `adguard-vpn cli connect`

> AdGuard VPN will connect to the fastest available location or the last used location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AdGuard VPN will connect to the fastest available or last used location.
```

To view available locations, type:

>     `adguardvpn-cli list-locations`.

Reviewer: вот пример команды, где есть точка

To connect to a specific location, type:

    `adguardvpn-cli connect -l`

> and enter a city name from the location list.

Reviewer 2: теперь можно не только city name, но и country name и iso code (может enter a location?)
